dev/reference/tools/dm: support new column-mapping syntax (#1166)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/tools/data-migration/features/overview.md

- The `partition id` expression only supports the bigint type of auto-increment primary key.
- If the `schema prefix` is not empty, the schema name format must be `schema prefix` or `schema prefix + separator + number (the schema ID)`. For example, it supports `s` and `s_1`, but does not support `s_a`.
- If the `table prefix` is not empty, the table name format must be `table prefix` or `table prefix + separator + number (the table ID)`.
- If the schema/table name does not contain the `… + separator + number` part, the corresponding ID is considered as 0.
- Restrictions on sharding size:
    - It supports 16 MySQL or MariaDB instances at most (0 <= instance ID <= 15).
    - Each instance supports 128 schemas at most (0 <= schema ID  <= 127).
    - Each schema of each instance supports 256 tables at most (0 <= table ID <= 255).
    - The ID range of the auto-increment primary key is "0 <= ID <= 17592186044415".
    - The `{instance ID, schema ID, table ID}` group must be unique.
- Currently, the `partition id` expression is a customized feature. If you want to modify this feature, contact the corresponding developers.

**`partition id` arguments configuration**

> Configure the following 3–4 arguments in order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the following three or four arguments in order:
```

- `instance_id`: the ID of the upstream sharded MySQL or MariaDB instance (0 <= instance ID <= 15)
- `schema prefix`: used to parse the schema name and get the `schema ID`
- `table prefix`: used to parse the table name and get the `table ID`
- The separator: used to separate between the prefix and the IDs, and can be omitted to use an empty string as separator

> Any of `instance_id`, `schema prefix` and `table prefix` can be set to an empty string (`""`) to indicate the corresponding parts will not be encoded into the partition ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any of `instance_id`, `schema prefix` and `table prefix` can be set to an empty string (`""`) to indicate that the corresponding parts will not be encoded into the partition ID.
```

Configure the following 3–4 arguments in order:

- `instance_id`: the ID of the upstream sharded MySQL or MariaDB instance (0 <= instance ID <= 15)

> - The schema prefix: used to parse the schema name and get the `schema ID`; can be an empty string to indicate the schema name has no pattern and the `schema ID` is always zero

Reviewer 2: indicate `instance_id` can also be empty?
